Product privacy policy

Update date: May 24, 2021

Overview
This privacy policy applies to the products and services provided by this product that are applicable to hardware terminals (including but not limited to websites, applications, API/SDK and its back-end systems, operating systems) and hardware terminals, including: the above products and services.
This application respects and protects the personal privacy of all service users. In order to provide you with more accurate and personalized services, this application will use and disclose your personal information in accordance with the provisions of this privacy policy. However, this application will do its best to process this information. Unless otherwise specified in this privacy policy, this application will not disclose or provide this information to third parties without your prior permission. This application will update this privacy policy from time to time. When you download, access or use this application, you are deemed to agree to the entire content of this privacy policy. This privacy policy is part of this application service usage agreement. You have the right to refuse to provide us with personal information, but your refusal to collect and use this information may affect your use of related functions.
This strategy includes the following:
1. How we collect and use your personal information
2. How we use cookie technology
3. How do we share, transfer and publicly disclose your personal information
4. How do we store and protect your personal information
5. How do you manage your personal information
6. How to update this policy
7. How to contact us
1. How we collect and use your personal information
Personal information refers to all kinds of information recorded electronically or in other ways. This information can individually identify a specific natural person, can also be used in combination with other information, or reflect the activities of a specific natural person. The personal information involved in this privacy policy includes: personal identification information (including ID cards, special operation permits, driving licenses, etc.), personal property information (including bank accounts, system points, etc.), network identification information (including system) accounts, IP Address, etc.)), address, e-mail address and the above passwords, passwords, password protection answers, etc.), personal biometric information (fingerprints, facial recognition, etc.), personal general device information (including hardware) model, device MAC address, operating system Type, a list of software unique device identification codes (such as IMEI / android ID / IDFA / OPENUDID / GUID, SIM card IMSI information, etc., including information describing the basic situation of personal devices), personal location information (including accurate positioning information, longitude and Latitude) and so on.
(1) Location information
   When you use the security check and attendance check-in functions of this application, we need to collect your location information. We will use satellite signals and other sensors that can provide location information. In this way, we can provide better services, such as hidden dangerous places, attendance check-in places and other related functions that need to display the location. You can turn off location services or system permissions through system authorization, and prevent this application from collecting location information. You may not be able to obtain related services or functions, or may not be able to obtain the expected effects of related services.
(2) Equipment information
     In order to ensure the normal operation of this application, to provide you with problem diagnosis or device testing services and perform data statistics, we will collect your information to provide you with problem diagnosis or device testing services and perform data statistics. We will collect your hardware model and operating system version, device configuration, unique device identifier (IMEI), network device hardware address MAC, advertising identifier IDFA information, device connection information, device status information and network identity information; the above information is It is necessary to provide Internet mobile application services, based on different system equipment information, the text is also different.
(3) Personally identifiable information
     When you use this application, we will ask you to provide your real name, phone number, job title, etc., as the information recorded by the system according to different user requirements.
     (4) Camera and local file information
     When you use this application, when you use functions such as security check, rectification feedback, personnel management, device management, scanning, avatar picture settings, face recognition, etc., in order to better provide services, we may need you to call the local camera or File information, if you do not provide relevant permissions, you may not be able to use relevant services normally.
Face recognition: We may use facial recognition related services in personnel sign-in, personnel registration, or personnel query, etc. The personnel registration function may collect facial photos, and we will store your facial photo data in Our cloud data center deployed in mainland China will not be transmitted to the outside without your permission and legal approval. The data will not be deleted during your use, unless you cancel your account, the data will be automatically deleted (please refer to the relevant privacy policy of "How do you manage your personal information" when you cancel your account).
(6) Voice interaction
   When you use voice search, smart voice, or voice communication with customer service and other related functions, you need to enable this permission. Even if you have agreed to turn on the microphone permission, we will only obtain voice information through the microphone when you actively click the microphone icon in the client or record a video.
2. How do we use cookies and similar technologies
When you use this application or service, in order to make your experience easier, we may use various technologies to collect and store information. In this process, one or more cookies or anonymous identifiers may be sent to your device symbol.
We will not use cookies for any purpose other than those stated in this policy. You can save or delete cookies according to your preferences. You can clear all cookies saved in the software, and your related information will be deleted when you manually clear it.
3. How do we share, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal information
(1) Sharing: We will not share your personal information with organizations or companies other than specific projects, except in the following cases:
a. Sharing with your consent: After obtaining your explicit consent, we will share the information obtained with other parties.
b. Sharing under statutory circumstances: We may share your personal information with external parties in accordance with laws and regulations, litigation, dispute resolution needs, or in accordance with the requirements of administrative and judicial organs in accordance with the law.
(2) Transfer: We will not transfer your personal information to companies, organizations and individuals outside of the specific project, except in the following cases:
a. Obtain your explicit authorization or consent in advance;
b. It must be provided in accordance with the requirements of laws, regulations, legal procedures, or mandatory government requirements or judicial rulings;
c. Use in accordance with other legal documents (such as these terms) signed by you;
d. When it involves a merger, acquisition or bankruptcy liquidation, if it involves the transfer of personal information, we will require the new company or organization that holds your personal information to continue to be bound by this privacy policy, otherwise we will require the company or organization Re-seek authorization and consent from you.
(3) Public disclosure: We only publicly disclose your personal information in the following circumstances:
a. Have obtained your explicit consent;
b. Under the mandatory requirements of laws and regulations, legal procedures, litigation or government authorities.
4. How do we store and protect your personal information
All your personal information will be stored in the territory of the People's Republic of China, and the storage location includes the servers of the company and its affiliates, or the servers of the company's entrusted institutions. We will take reasonable and feasible measures and try our best to avoid collecting irrelevant personal information.
We will take appropriate security measures and technical means in line with industry standards to store and protect your personal information to prevent
Prevent its loss, misuse, unauthorized access or leakage, tampering or destruction. For example, the data exchange between your browser and the server is encrypted and protected by the SSL protocol; we will use encryption technology to improve the security of personal information; we will use trusted protection mechanisms to prevent personal information from malicious attacks.
We have the industry’s advanced data security management system with data as the core and around the data life cycle.
Construction, system design, personnel management, product technology and other aspects enhance the safety of the entire system in multiple dimensions.
We will deploy an access control mechanism to only allow employees of our company and its affiliates who need to know this information to use
After taking reasonable measures to verify your identity, access or modify this information.
5. How do you manage your personal information
1. Access and correct your personal information.
You have the right to access and correct your personal information, except for exceptions stipulated by laws and regulations, you can go to the homepage-mine. View personal information, and correct personal information through the PC
2. Delete personal information
You can delete or cancel your account information through the corresponding PC. When you delete your personal information or cancel your account, we will promptly take measures to delete your personal information from the business function system, so that it can not be retrieved or accessed. status.
In the following situations, you can request us to delete personal information:
(1) If our handling of personal information violates laws and regulations;
(2) If we collect and use your personal information without your consent;
(3) If our handling of personal information violates our agreement with you;
(4) If you no longer use our products and services, or you cancel your account;
(5) If we no longer provide you with our products and services.
After you delete information from our service, due to applicable legal requirements or security technical reasons, we may not be able to delete the corresponding information from the backup system immediately, but we will delete the information or make it anonymous when the backup is updated.
3. Respond to your request
To ensure safety, we may need you to provide a written request or prove your identity in other ways. We will respond to your request within 30 days after receiving your feedback and verifying your identity. For your reasonable request, we do not charge fees in principle, but for repeated requests that exceed reasonable limits, we will charge a certain cost depending on the circumstances. For those that are unreasonably repeated, require excessive technical means (for example, the need to develop new systems or fundamentally change current practices), bring risks to the legitimate rights and interests of others, or are very impractical (for example, involving information stored on backup tapes) Request, we may refuse.
In the following situations, we will not be able to respond to your request in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations:
(1) Related to national security and national defense security;
(2) Related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
(3) Related to criminal investigation, prosecution and trial, and execution of judgments;
(4) There is sufficient evidence to show that you have subjective malice or abuse of rights;
(5) Responding to your request will cause serious damage to the legitimate rights and interests of you or other individuals or organizations;
(6) Involving commercial secrets.
6. How to update this policy
1. Our privacy policy may change. However, without your explicit consent, we will not reduce your rights under this privacy policy. When this policy is changed, we will show you the changed policy in advance through announcements, pop-up windows or other appropriate methods on the PC or mobile terminal. Without your consent, we will not restrict your rights in accordance with the policy.
2. For major changes, we will also provide more noticeable notifications (we will explain the specific changes to the privacy policy by including but not limited to emails, text messages or special reminders on the browsing page).
The major changes referred to in this policy include but are not limited to:
(1) Our service model has undergone major changes. Such as the purpose of processing personal information, the type of personal information processed, the way of using personal information, etc.;
(2) Significant changes have taken place in our ownership structure and organizational structure. Such as changes in owners caused by business adjustments, bankruptcy mergers, etc.;
(3) The main objects of personal information sharing, transfer or public disclosure have changed;
(4) Your right to participate in the processing of personal information and how to exercise it has undergone major changes;
(5) When the department responsible for handling personal information security, contact information and complaint channels change;
(6) When the personal information security impact assessment report shows that there is a high risk.
3. Please note that we will collect, use, process and store your personal information in accordance with the updated policy only after obtaining your consent.
4. We will also archive the old version of this policy, you can contact us through the contact information publicized in this policy to check the old version of the privacy policy
7. How to contact us
1. If you have any questions, comments or suggestions about this privacy policy, please contact us in the following ways:
Phone: 0591-83768808
2. Under normal circumstances, we will reply within fifteen days.
